Your comm badge beeps a couple times, startling you, and you hear Captain
Picard's voice, "Captain Picard to Ensign <your name>.  Please report to my
ready room."

"What?" you think to yourself.  "The captain needs to see me?  Why?  What did
I do?"  Then you remember the little prank you played with the food replicator
a couple weeks ago when you reset the default language mode to Klingon.  It
only took a few minutes for Data to fix it, but somehow everyone wasn't so
happy about it. Regardless of the situation, when the Captain calls, you
cannot delay so you head to the bridge.

When the turbolift doors open you see that the Captain is not on the bridge.
Commander Riker looks your way and nods.  He rarely seems to smile but this
time he has a smirk on his face. He waves toward the captains ready room,
"Captain Picard is waiting for you. Please go on in."

As you step inside the Captain's chambers you snap to attention and announce
yourself, "Ensign <your name> here sir!".  Picard looks up from his screen
with a thin smile, "Welcome ensign," he says with an even voice, "there's no
need to be quite that formal.  Please relax."  He stands and moves around the
side of his desk motioning you towards a couple chairs.  He follows you to the
chairs and you both sit down.

"I called you here today ensign because I have a problem. Just a couple of
hours ago I ..."

"I'm sorry about the food replicator!", you interupt.  But the Captain just
raises his hand to silence you.

"Harmless prank.  But maybe we can have fewer of those on the ship.  No, I
have a different problem.  You know it's not all exploration and adventure on
board this ship.  Sometimes it is just, well, boring and routine.  I'm afraid
this is one of those times.  A couple hours ago Starfleet contacted me.
Apparently someone has raised concerns about the number of times various crew
members have been visiting certain planets.  They have decided that they need
a report of each location we have visited in the last several years and who
was on each of those visits. I need you to generate that report for me."

"Uh.  Ok.  I can do that.  It doesn't sound very exciting."

The Captain smiled.  "As I said, not everything on board the Enterprise is
eventful.  I reviewed your academy records and I'm quite confident in your
ability to do this.  Do you think you will have any problem?"

"No.  Captain sir!  This will not be a problem."

"Ok good.  Worf will supply you with the mission log.  The report output
should look like this." He hands you his data pad so you can see what
Starfleet is expecting.  "Thanks ensign.  I look forward to seeing the
results."

As you leave his ready room you thank the Captain for putting his confidence
in you for this task.  It might not be the most exciting mission in the world,
but at least you're doing something for the Captain.  If you handle this
correctly, it might put you on the fast track to promotion!
