"What is that thing?" Commander Riker said as he stood up from his chair next
to the captain. He strode towards the bridge view screen and cocked is head
sideways. "I've never seen anything quite like it."

"Nor I," said Captain Picard. "But that's what we're here for. To discover.
Data," the captain turned back to his science officer, "what is that thing?"

The image on the main viewer was a gigantic irridescent gaseous cloud. Colors
swirled inside it in slow motion and occastional flickers of light illuminated
interior shapes and shadows.

"Sir," Data said, "it appears to be a large vapor cloud of unknown
composition. There are no reports of anything like this in any existing
Starfleet records. The nature of the cloud is such that it is generating an
extreme amount of interference so I am unable to obtain any more information
by scanning from this distance."

"Thanks Data. Is this a living creature?"

"Uncertain."

Troi spoke up, "Captain, I am not sensing any consiousness from this cloud. I
don't think it is a living being."

"Ok good. We have ourselves a proper mystery then. Data, how to you
recommend we proceed?"

"Sir, since it is not possible to scan for addtional data from outsdie the
cloud, I believe our only other option is to send probes into the cloud. We
should be able to create several probes to launch into the cloud to collect
data."

"Yes." Picard nodded. "This sounds like a good idea. How soon can you create
these probes?"

"Sir, I believe I can.."

"Captain," Commander Riker interuppted, "I think we have an opportunity here."

"Oh?", Picard replied, raising an eyebrow at Riker.

"Yes, that ensign who helped with the Starfleet mission audit might be a
perfect fit for this. Starfleet Academy has asked us to continue giving
challening tasks. This seems perfect."  Riker smiled broadly at the captian.

"And I agree," chimed in Troi. "In additional to providing technical
experience, this task would also help to enhance self confidence."

Picard looked at Data, "Yes captain, I do believe that ensign <your name>
could do this job."

Picard turned back to the viewscreen for another look at the colorful
undulating gas cloud. "Very well then Number One. Make it so!"

